iam tutorials, fixed scrolly bugs, added rating buttons (#9617)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/in_app_messages/tutorials/defer_and_restore_triggered_message.md

        let ui = BrazeInAppMessageUI()
        ui.delegate = self
        braze.inAppMessagePresenter = ui
        inAppMessageUI = ui

        return true
    }

    func inAppMessage(
      _ ui: BrazeInAppMessageUI,
      displayChoiceForMessage message: Braze.InAppMessage
    ) -> BrazeInAppMessageUI.DisplayChoice {
        if !showMessage {
            return .reenqueue
        }

        return .now
    }

    func showDeferredMessage(showMessage: Bool) {
        self.showMessage = showMessage
        inAppMessageUI.presentNext()
    }
}
```

```swift file=SampleApp.swift
import SwiftUI

@main
struct IAMDeferApp: App {
    @UIApplicationDelegateAdaptor(AppDelegate.self) var delegate

    var body: some Scene {
        WindowGroup {
            ContentView()
        }
    }
}
```

```swift file=ContentView.swift
import SwiftUI

struct ContentView: View {
    var body: some View {
        VStack(spacing: 20) {
            // ...your UI

            Button("Show Deferred IAM") {
                AppDelegate.shared.showDeferredMessage(showMessage: true)
            }
        }
        .padding()
    }
}
```

!!step
lines-AppDelegate.swift=5

> #### 1. Extend `BrazeInAppMessageUIDelegate`

Reviewer: Same comment with this line as above.

> In your AppDelegate class, extend [`BrazeInAppMessageUIDelegate`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazeui/brazeinappmessageui/delegate). This will allow you to override it's `inAppMessage` method later on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your AppDelegate class, extend [`BrazeInAppMessageUIDelegate`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazeui/brazeinappmessageui/delegate). This will allow you to override its `inAppMessage` method later on.
```

> In your AppDelegate class, extend [`BrazeInAppMessageUIDelegate`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazeui/brazeinappmessageui/delegate). This will allow you to override its `inAppMessage` method later on.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In your AppDelegate class, implement the [`BrazeInAppMessageUIDelegate`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazeui/brazeinappmessageui/delegate) protocol. This will allow you to override its `inAppMessage` method later on.
```

!!step
lines-AppDelegate.swift=20

#### 2. Turn on debugging (optional)

Turn on debugging while developing to make troubleshooting easier!

!!step
lines-AppDelegate.swift=26-29

#### 3. Set up Braze In-App Message UI and delegate

> `BrazeInAppMessageUI()` is the default UI renderer for IAMs. By setting it's delegate to `self`, it'll ensure it's called before any IAMs are invoked.

Reviewer: Same comment with this line as above.

> `BrazeInAppMessageUI()` is the default UI renderer for IAMs. By setting its delegate to `self`, it'll ensure it's called before any IAMs are invoked.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`BrazeInAppMessageUI()` is the default UI renderer for IAMs. By setting its delegate to your `BrazeInAppMessageUIDelegate` implementation (in this case, `self`), it'll ensure its methods are called before any IAMs are invoked.
```

{% endscrolly %}
{% endtab %}
{% tab iOS %}
{% scrolly %}

```swift file=AppDelegate.swift
import SwiftUI
import BrazeKit
import BrazeUI

class AppDelegate: UIResponder, UIApplicationDelegate, BrazeInAppMessageUIDelegate {
    static private(set) var shared: AppDelegate!

    private var braze: Braze!
    private var inAppMessageUI: BrazeInAppMessageUI!
    public var showMessage: Bool = false

    func application(
      _ application: UIApplication,
      didFinishLaunchingWithOptions launchOptions: [UIApplication.LaunchOptionsKey: Any]?
    ) -> Bool {
        AppDelegate.shared = self

        // 1. Braze configuration with your SDK API key and endpoint
        let configuration = Braze.Configuration(apiKey: "a1fc095b-ae3d-40f4-bb33-3fb5176562c0", endpoint: "sondheim.braze.com")
        configuration.logger.level = .debug

        // 2. Initialize Braze SDK instance
        braze = Braze(configuration: configuration)

        // 3. Set up Braze In-App Message UI and delegate
        let ui = BrazeInAppMessageUI()
        ui.delegate = self
        braze.inAppMessagePresenter = ui

>         inAppMessageUI = ui

Author: @jerielng wouldn't we need this for line 134 later? Or should line 134 be `braze.inAppMessagePresenter.presentNext()`?

>         inAppMessageUI = ui

Reviewer 2: Ah yea ideally, we should change line 134 and remove line 96. The `braze.inAppMessagePresenter` property acts as the source of truth for the presenter, so integrators should just reference that one rather than having to maintain their own copy.

        return true
    }

    func inAppMessage(
      _ ui: BrazeInAppMessageUI,
      displayChoiceForMessage message: Braze.InAppMessage
    ) -> BrazeInAppMessageUI.DisplayChoice {
        if !showMessage {
            return .reenqueue
        }

        return .now
    }

    func showDeferredMessage(showMessage: Bool) {
        self.showMessage = showMessage
        inAppMessageUI.presentNext()
    }
}
```

```swift file=SampleApp.swift
import SwiftUI

@main
struct IAMDeferApp: App {
    @UIApplicationDelegateAdaptor(AppDelegate.self) var delegate

    var body: some Scene {
        WindowGroup {
            ContentView()
        }
    }
}
```

```swift file=ContentView.swift
import SwiftUI

struct ContentView: View {
    var body: some View {
        VStack(spacing: 20) {
            // ...your UI

            Button("Show Deferred IAM") {
                AppDelegate.shared.showDeferredMessage(showMessage: true)
            }
        }
        .padding()
    }
}
```

!!step
lines-AppDelegate.swift=5

> #### 1. Have you AppDelegate class conform to `BrazeInAppMessageUIDelegate`

Author: resolved locally, will push

import com.braze.ui.inappmessage.listeners.IInAppMessageManagerListener
import com.braze.models.inappmessage.IInAppMessage
import com.braze.ui.inappmessage.InAppMessageOperation
import android.util.Log

class MyApplication : Application() {
    companion object {
        private var instance: MyApplication? = null
        fun getInstance(): MyApplication = instance!!
    }

    private var showMessage = false

    override fun onCreate() {
        super.onCreate()
        instance = this

        // Enable verbose Braze SDK logs
        BrazeLogger.logLevel = Log.VERBOSE

        // Initialize Braze
        val brazeConfig = BrazeConfig.Builder()
            .setApiKey("YOUR-API-KEY")
            .setCustomEndpoint("YOUR-ENDPOINT")
            .build()
        Braze.configure(this, brazeConfig)

        registerActivityLifecycleCallbacks(
            BrazeActivityLifecycleCallbackListener()
        )

        // Set up in-app message listener
        BrazeInAppMessageManager.getInstance().setCustomInAppMessageManagerListener(object : IInAppMessageManagerListener {
            override fun beforeInAppMessageDisplayed(inAppMessage: IInAppMessage): InAppMessageOperation {

>                 return if (showMessage) {

Reviewer 3: Instead of `showMessage` here, I wonder if we can't create some dummy function that shows them why they might defer.  Perhaps `if (GameManager.isInActiveGameplay()) {`  And then just have a comment that `showDeferredMessage()` (it wouldn't need a parameter) could be called by GameManager

                    // Show the message using Braze's UI
                    InAppMessageOperation.DISPLAY_NOW
                } else {
                    // Re-enqueue the message for later
                    InAppMessageOperation.DISPLAY_LATER
                }
            }
        })
    }

    fun showDeferredMessage(show: Boolean) {
        showMessage = show

>         BrazeInAppMessageManager.getInstance().presentNext()

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        BrazeInAppMessageManager.getInstance().requestDisplayInAppMessage()
```

            ContentView()
        }
    }
}
```

```swift file=ContentView.swift
import SwiftUI

struct ContentView: View {
    var body: some View {
        VStack(spacing: 20) {
            // ...your UI

            Button("Show Deferred IAM") {
                AppDelegate.shared.showDeferredMessage(showMessage: true)
            }
        }
        .padding()
    }
}
```

!!step
lines-AppDelegate.swift=5

#### 1. Have you AppDelegate class conform to `BrazeInAppMessageUIDelegate`

Have your `AppDelegate` conform to [`BrazeInAppMessageUIDelegate`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazeui/brazeinappmessageuidelegate). This will allow you to override its `inAppMessage` method later on.

!!step
lines-AppDelegate.swift=19

#### 2. Enable debugging (optional)

Enable debugging while developing to make troubleshooting easier!

!!step
lines-AppDelegate.swift=25-27

#### 3. Set up Braze In-App Message UI and its delegate

`BrazeInAppMessageUI()` is the default UI renderer for IAMs. By setting its delegate to your `BrazeInAppMessageUIDelegate` implementation (in this case, `self`), it'll ensure its methods are called before any IAMs are invoked.

> Save `inAppMessageUI`; you will need it later when restoring the message.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Save the instance of `BrazeInAppMessageUI`; you will need it later when restoring the message.
```
